Hey, good morning family. Praise the
Lord. Thank you for joining me again
today. And Diana today, I'm so excited to
have you with us. She's been so busy
doing some other stuff for the ministry
and doing things; I haven't been able to
have her on as much. And I told her, I
said, 'Tonight you are going to be on
here with me. I need you.'So, I'm
excited you're here. I sure love you.
You know, we're going to go over some of
the things. Tell everybody hi. Hi.
Yeah, we're so grateful. You know,
it's exciting to be in the ministry
and pushing like we do. We
know Jesus is coming. We have
an
expectation. People say, 'Brandon, what
do you do? Do you really believe Jesus is
coming
beyond
anything?'I'm
telling you, we are at
the last seconds of
the last days. Jesus Christ is coming,
ladies and gentlemen. And it's time for
you to have your expectation
of the manifestations and the glory of
God. Get excited about what God's
about to do in these last days.
I'll go over a little bit of what I saw in
the revival. I told you
about the angels and
the oil coming out of the
sky. And people are like, 'Brandon,
that's way over the top.'And I'm like,
'Yeah, that's exceedingly abundantly
above all that we dare ask or
think.'God
we serve.
But I want to talk about
today, wherever you
are—morning,
day, or night.
I want to talk about what's going on
with Russia. What I feel about some of
this caution that I have in the
Valley of Decision that President
Trump is making right now. And I
want to say this:
Diana and I tease around with each other
about calling him Mr. Magoo and things
like that. We don't mean any disrespect
toward the president. We pray for him.
We love our president and stand
with him, but just teasing around.
I would say even if I
got to be his friend and hang out with
him, I'd call him Mr. Magoo because in the natural, he
always seems to
look
like he's about to go off a cliff,
but
God saves him and he wins
the case. Mr. Magoo was always
victorious. So, it wasn't that Mr. Magoo was
an idiot; Mr. Magoo won. And
you're
always like, 'How did that
happen?'It
was just the hand of God.
This
is
how
you look at
some of the things when you watch him
and you're going, 'I don't know, is
this
going to turn out
okay?'But
God.
And that's why I say Mr. Magoo was one
of those ones. You watched him on the
cartoon whenever we were
growing
up and he was walking on the steel beam
and it went through the window and he
walked out on the other
side, but he never got hurt and you're
going,
'That was pretty cool.'And so
that's why we laugh. We call
this
lots of
prayer.
So we know
that Mr. Magoo is going to turn out
okay. And so we're just
not going to worry about him.
Why is he talking to Russia right now?
What's he doing? Mr.
Magoo, don't talk to Russia. I don't
mean disrespect, but I'm just saying it
made me think of it a lot whenever I
hear these articles. And so I reached
out to
Diana
and I said, 'You know
what? What do you think about what's
going on?'She had told me, she said,
'This is what my daddy prophesied
concerning Russia.'And I'll play
that clip in
just
a second, but I want to go
over what the Lord showed us.
Probably back—I don't
know, Braden can show you a little clip
of it—but I saw
a Jason Bourne type of experience. I saw
Zelensky snorting coke and he had
prostitutes around him.
I saw that he had a hundred million in
$100
bills and they were on a
plane and he was going to flee.
But there was a plan
in the days ahead with Russia and
America to remove him like a Jason
Bourne experience. So I saw a Jason
Bourne kind of a decision being made
when this happened. I saw Russia get
half of Ukraine
all the way up to
Kyiv
and they brought in a new government
that was pro-Russia, pro-Ukraine, and it
brought peace to the area because
the puppet
was being manipulated by the EU
and Macron,
and he was looking
with his Pinocchio nose
towards Macron asking, 'What should we do?
What should we
do?'So,
I thought this was kind of
interesting
because whenever I had the visitation
with the Lord and He was here
in the vision, I saw a Russian man
on his belly with a black stocking hat
and black pants, black everything.
So then I
give that word of what I heard the Lord
say. And then he goes and becomes buddies with
Russia.
Let's bring
our dollar
together again. Look at this article
right here. Now you see
what Russia is saying
today, that they want to join up with
America and the dollar and they're
wanting to do... so what is happening with
the BRICS
if they do that? Are they abandoning the
BRICS system
when they said, 'We'll help Cuba
out'with
the next one I saw right here? You can
see that. So Cuba and Russia are
wanting to do oil agreements and all
that. So what's going on with all this?
Is this just a smoke screen?
Because I saw the Tasmanian
looking
devil spinning around
Putin creating major war with this new
weapon over Warsaw that has never been
used before.
And he had his hands like this looking
at his cards and he said, 'I just have
to buy the time to get through your
presidency and then I'll make my
move,'because
he was looking for weaker
leadership.
So he was looking at his poker
cards. He had a poker face,
as you saw in the cartoon that we made,
and he was trying to figure out what his
best move was to win the game because
he wants to win all of these areas
back—what
was the former Soviet Union and
all that back then. So we see
this stuff.
What's happening right now with his
decision? Is
he being
sneaky?
I believe he is. I want you to hear this
word from Kim
Clement back—I don't even know, she
didn't tell me the date of this. It's a
47-second word.
'The other thing the Lord said to me
today,
Jacob,'he
said, 'Kim, tell my people to keep
their eye on Russia because there's a
huge deception that is taking place and
is
yet to unveil and where people
will even embrace it.
I'm not sure exactly what it is, but I
saw this hand coming out of Russia and
this hand being extended out to the
Christian people and to the Jews as if
it were a friend. It is not a friend.
Russia is not a friend to the Jews and
not a friend to the Christians. I'm not
speaking about the people of Russia. I'm
talking about the administration and the
leaders. I saw deception coming out of
Russia. I saw a hand coming out as if to
shake and then as the hand was shaken by
purple robes and garments of
religion,
I saw the hand raised up and then
smashing them on the neck.'So I think
that's interesting.
I believe the hand
he's talking about is
all of the persecution that's
coming to the church, persecution coming
to the Jews, all the things that I've
seen,
the antisemitism, the things that
are about to erupt on another level.
But
like I said, I know he flowed in the
prophetic. I see visions and I believe
visions change through prayer. Prayer
changes
things.
Now, I believe a vision is a lot
different than a prophetic 'Thus saith
the
Lord.'There's
a lot of people that disagree
with me. I don't care what you really
believe. It's whatever you feel
the Lord's leading you.
That's just what I feel. I see
a lot of visions and the Lord shows me
these things through prayer. He said,
'Your job is to have a prayer channel
and tell people what's coming and you'll
change things through
prayer.'And
that's why I've always
looked at it as a watchman
telling people. Now, is it prophetic?
I said it has a prophetic lens.
It's different
in my opinion, but I yield to the
anointing of the prophet.
We hear all this stuff going on. We see
these major things taking place. I
thought it was really interesting.
Diana
said, 'Did you notice
the people on Twitter talking about the
three
electric poles at the Super Bowl that
looked
like Bunny was on the one in
the middle with the cross, and it looked
like he was being like
Jesus?'I
wondered a lot about what the
satanic
significance was behind it because the Lord
said there was great satanic
significance behind the Super Bowl
halftime show. Well, we know there's a
lot of Jezebels running around and
dancing and acting stupid. But
what we saw with the guy that
used to be the devil worshipper that got
born again was directly communicating
to the devil. He made a video talking
about
how demonic the Super Bowl halftime
show was.
Now, I didn't watch all of it, but I
think it was interesting. I believe his
name is John Ramirez or something
like that. I don't remember; Braden can
put it in there below. I don't know
much about this man, but I thought it
was interesting because he said that
there was a lot of satanic things about
the Super Bowl halftime show. Now, I
didn't watch it. It was trash. And
so anytime you have a bunch of hussies
running around there, I protect and
honor my wife. I'm
going to look down at the ground; it
was bad.
It's embarrassing
the kind of trash they try to feed us on
the internet or on TV.
Our youth kids
were having youth things, and our church
was having a Super Bowl party—I don't even
know what they did—and how embarrassing
that was with the people of the
church, having anyone see some
of the things that were shown during
that.
I'm
just telling you all, we're in a
time like never before where the dark
is
getting darker, but the light is getting
lighter. Now, going over those prophetic
words, going over what the Lord has
showed us about the Mabee Center and
getting excited about it. But there is
darkness, and I feel great caution about
this valley of decision and
what's
happening with
Trump right now.
I said great anti-Semitism would come
out in the days ahead.
Why? Because I believe Israel will probably
act alone against Iran.
Maybe they will, and we'll back them.
Why would there be so much
anti-Semitism across the world that the
Jewish community would uproot and want
to move back home
because they felt their lives were in
danger being a Jew in New York or
wherever?
There's something that's going to
trigger this;
the Lord is warning of this. The other
part—now
I was waking up, and in
between being awake and asleep, I heard
this: I told you there would be
black swan false flag events that would
bring
attention back to ABC, NBC, CBS,
CNN to give them credibility, trying to
get credibility back to them, to get a
foothold to get you to feel sorry for
them and want to be watching
them again.
I'll say that again. They
are
going to try to cause a
distraction
to get you to look over here because
they're losing their audience.
And the Lord said, 'Watch for major
events in the days ahead that will cause
you to look more to
MSNBC,
ABC, CBS,
CNN.'What's
happened in the last couple of
days? Now, I'm not trying to be
disrespectful toward the lady who got
kidnapped—I'm
not at all—but I want you to be
smarter.
Think about this. The lady, the FBI, all
this, it's all about her
family and the network
that she works for.
What happened with this?
Is there more to this?
Does that make sense what I'm trying to
tell you all? Is this the event that
draws people back over there to click on
them instead of watching social media as
much to give ABC, NBC, CBS more of
a foothold? A little bit of something,
then
a little bit more, to get them more
credibility. You know what? Because you
start to feel sorry for the individual.
You start because we're sympathetic. Oh,
the 85-year-old woman.
It's really sad.
Her mom
and everybody watches.
But then you have a personal connection.
You don't even know her, but a lot of
people will get personal connections
through stories and through social media
when you don't even know who these
people are
through Erica, through all this
different stuff. And then you have
scandals about Erica on there, and
they're talking about all this stuff. I
just stay out of all the stuff.
I don't care. People send me
something,
'Hey Diana, you need to
read it.'And I told
her, 'Diana, we've
got to get more
filtering our
filter.'Does
that make sense?
But I'm trying to tell you what I'm
hearing.
Remember the events to get back
this over here, a sleight of hand. The enemy
is
going to try to do this somehow.
And I thought, what would ever make
a
people want to watch them ever again?
How will they do that subtly?
Another 9/11 event?
I don't know.
What makes them become the victim?
What makes the American people feel
sorry for them a little bit?
Is it one thing or is it multiple
things?
But the Lord said it was coming
because alternative
media like Alex Jones and Benny Johnson
and some of these others are drawing so
much attraction. Their channels are
exploding—six
million views, all this
stuff. And so I went back and I was
looking: what's the average view count
through Google for some of these
TV networks like
Christian television? And they said an
average view count on their whole
channel for a day watching them speak
was only 150,000.
Not even over a million. And I
won't tell you who that was, but I saw a
Christian organization; their
main thing was 150,000 on their TV a
day.
And
they have millions of
dollars of overhead.
I thought that surely that can't be
right.
But when you look at what they say about
how much in a day
CNN and some of these other places
get,
it's only a couple million. They're
losing their audience.
But when you look at
Benny Johnson's video count and the
subscribers and the
views he gets on a video, it's by the
millions.
Alex Jones by the millions.
They're pulling from
that pool. So how do they bring back
those people? And that's what I'm trying
to say. The Lord said because what they
want to do in the days ahead is to get a
foothold in the media, a foothold in the
food, a foothold in the
politics—a
foothold because they have to get you to
believe and think they're credible
again
because they've lost their credibility.
And people and the world, not just the
body of Christ, are saying, 'We're
done.'So
we're seeing it. Let's
see
what happens in the days ahead. The
Lord said, 'Watch 2026, 2027, and
2028.'And
they will say there will be more
pressure on YouTube to censor
what these big YouTube platforms
and
news media stations
will be able to say because they'll take
away their AdSense and things like that.
They'll be able to say, 'Listen, you're going to
say what we want you to say on your
platform or we're taking this away from
you.'And
that's what I saw happening.
So I just wanted to go
over that because those are the things
I'm
seeing.
This is big. There's a
lot, but I haven't wanted to be quick in
just releasing videos about some of this
stuff because
I feel it;
there's a changing of the
tide. There's something happening in
this valley of decision right now. There
are
some major decisions
being made as Benjamin came to the White
House yesterday
or the day before yesterday.
Folks, this is what I
saw.
This is what the Lord warned us about.
We're here;
it's time to wake up.
What will come in 2026? What will the rest
of it be like?
What will we see within these 250 years?
And I told you
about
Red Dawn experiences and shakings in our
nation—shaking
in Europe, the
Euro, the plagues, and the things with
the biolab. All the things that
a
biolab
just got busted and he was experimenting
with
mice and all this stuff.
I was like, "This is not
a Batman movie.
This is real-life stuff.
This isn't watching Spider-Man and seeing
who
the new villain
is. This is real stuff.
Who's
Professor Xavier or
whoever?"I
don't know. You see some
of these
Superman movies with the bad guys and you go,
"What is going on? This is
real-life
superhero
weirdness."I
just try
to
go over it.
We love every single one
of you and we're so thankful that you're
here.
Like I said, I'm just kind of
watching.
I feel a caution.
I feel that major storm on the East
Coast. I told you I saw biological
weapons being taken from Russia to put
into Cuba.
Is this the opportunity where they're doing
that? And they were putting them
underground, saying "storm
here."It
was in the middle of the
night—the
trafficking and the things. And here we
see Venezuela and all this stuff going
on. Is this all coming about
where you let your guard down? President
Trump, be careful who you trust.
Be careful who you let into your inner
circle. Be careful who extends
an
olive branch of peace to you, saying,
"Hey,
we want to be your friend all of a
sudden,"when
they were your worst enemy.
Remember
who is in your inner circle and who
you're trusting.
Do not trust so easily.
Be watchful
over who's in your inner circle
and take no counsel
from the ungodly. It's so important
because all it takes is one bad decision to
cause
the house of cards to
fall.
China and
Taiwan—all
this major stuff. Let's pray and
take communion.
This is my favorite part.
Every time I talk, I
try to keep it as short as I can. So,
Father, we just lift up this body before
You.
We're so thankful for this time
of prayer and just seeking You,
God. We're so
thankful
for where we are in these end times.
I truly believe
we're at that point like You
said back in
September—the
point of no return
where
we're about to see an
acceleration of things
that's
going to be shock
and awe.
Lord, I'm so grateful.
I don't want to look at
it and say life is bad. Lord, we're
ready to get out of here.
I'm just looking forward to
being with You,
not by death but by the rapture of the
church.
I'm so thankful, Father,
that You are coming back and we'll be
reunited with all our loved ones.
It's
just a glorious day. Oh, what a day of
rejoicing that will be
when we all get to heaven. We'll sing
and shout the victory.
Isn't that
wonderful?
It's going to be exciting.
Everything we've ever believed for
will be complete within
our glorified
bodies.
We'll be standing before our King.
Jesus Christ is coming;
I just look forward to it.
We take this body
and
thank You, Lord,
for this time when everyone is
focused on love. They
say we focus on Cupid
and all that stuff, but no,
I just love my wife.
We have an extra day of just
loving each
other—an
extra day of
being on a honeymoon.
I think it's a good time
to reflect and rekindle
the
fire in your marriage.
You don't have to believe in all the
weirdness.
We just love each other, and it's a
good day to love on your wife.
Any day is a good day to love on your
wife, but especially on Valentine's Day,
try to be
extra special.
I think it's always
good to
sow love into the
marriage and into the person who
has given
their
life to you and given you children.
Does that make sense?
It's important. I think men don't need
to be a fuddy-duddy. Be fun. Have fun.
Be
spontaneous.
Love your spouse. Love your
wives.
Love your husbands. Pray with each
other
and
honor each other.
I really truly believe I can always
feel when there's a flow
in the spirit. I always say, "Okay,
Diana,
we've
got to pray more together. We've got to
read more together."You can feel it
when you're in a covenant
relationship and you're pushing
together. For where two or three are
gathered together in my name, there I am
in the midst of them—Matthew 18:20.
All glory to God.
I believe that's what happens
when you pray with your
spouse.
If
you say, "I don't have
anybody,"well,
we'll be your two.
Diana
and I will agree with you. If
you're
single,
we'll
agree with you.
That's why we're
here—praying
with you to agree with
you. If you're a single
mother or a single father
and
don't have anybody to
agree with,
Diana
and I
will agree with you.
We pray and touch and agree, saying,
"Whatever
things are bound on
earth are bound in heaven.
Whatever
things are loosed on earth are loosed in
heaven."We
believe in the power of
covenant
and
prayer. Whenever
we agree, anything can be done.
Two,
three, four, or five
agreeing—I
believe with all my heart
that
many hands make light work.
And so that's where we are in these end
times—believing
together as
believers standing
as
a family. That's why we say
"Good morning, family."We believe it.
We are the body of Christ.
People say, "I'm Catholic."I love the
Catholics. Come on
over here. We love the Church of Christ.
We want the Baptists. We're
not just about being charismatic
here; we want the body of
Christ. Now, you say, "Brandon,
you say certain things."Well,
yes,
because I believe certain
things, but I'm just saying that out of
love.
We can agree to disagree.
I don't always agree with
my extended family. You
don't have to agree with everybody.
I have aunts that believe
in the whole
tribulation and things like that, and
I agree to disagree, but I
still love
them.
It's amazing
when you can just love each other
in spite of differences.
We don't have to be mean. You don't have
to be a "Sister Clipboard"and pick on
people. Just say, "Hey, we love you. We
don't have to agree on
everything. You're
entitled to your
opinion."We
still love you.
On
this day, we can focus
on love. Love takes no account of a
suffered wrong as we get ready
for
the day of love.
God is love. Walk
in love in the days ahead
because
faith works by love.
If
you feel like your faith is
stagnant, check your love walk. I don't
always agree with what people say and
preach from the pulpit. But
as
Brother Hagin used to say
all the time, you have to eat the hay and spit out the sticks. There's something good you
can find in anything,
but you have to eat the hay and spit out
the sticks. And so that's what we do.
Find books that help you grow.
So Father, we thank you.
I thank you, Father, for the body,
and we take it right now. We believe
that we receive your healing power
that flows on the inside of us in the
name of Jesus.
We take the blood. We apply the blood,
and the blood makes much of us.
We plead the blood over
our homes and over
our finances.
We call those things that be not as
though they were. We speak blessing,
increase, multiplication, and favor
over everything we put our hands to.
We thank you, Lord, for what a God we
serve, that we're blessed. We have
increase, we have favor. We call
in
the
financial seeds we sow; we call for a
harvest over them: thirty, sixty,
and a hundredfold.
I speak to the seeds that I have sowed.
You don't go dormant anymore; you spring
forth much fruit in the name of Jesus.
Now, angels of the Lord—we thank you,
Lord—go,
ministering spirits, and cause
it to come forth
in the name of Jesus. I call forth my
harvest, a bountiful, beautiful harvest
full of financial blessing.
Now God, I thank you, Lord, that where
I've sowed bad seed and
we need a crop failure, I call for crop
failure in the name of Jesus. I
repent over the bad seeds I've sowed.
Thank you, Lord, they're washed in the
blood. Father, we call for crop
failure over those seeds. We thank
you, Lord, that over the ones we sowed
that were bad, we call for crop
failure. We say your blessing and grace
covers it in the name of Jesus. And we
thank you, Lord, that your hand is on
those
good seeds. The bad seeds
are
drying up and going away; the birds are
eating them because we don't want to reap
bad stuff. Seedtime and harvest never
cease.
Whatsoever a man sows, that will
he
also eat. You have good seed and you
have
bad seed. That's what I'm talking
about.
You think, 'Well, everything is good in
mine.'Baloney.
There
are
times when you
might have sowed some bad seeds. You
might have treated somebody badly or
spoken to
someone badly.
There are
bad seeds. You might have done
something wrong,
treated somebody disrespectfully, or
done
them wrong in business.
I don't want to reap that. Father, we ask
for repentance over these things. I thank you,
Lord, for the blood.
That's
why
we plead the
blood and we make much of the blood, and
the blood makes much of us. We apply the
blood of Jesus over us in the name of
Jesus. And we thank you, Lord. We thank
you for the weather, the rain, and the harvest. We thank you, Lord,
for the grass growing,
the trees,
and all the birds and beautiful
things that you're providing for us.
It's almost springtime, and we're so
grateful, Father, that the weather
is
turning even prettier right now.
God, we give you praise and glory for it
right now in Jesus'name. We take
this blood and apply
it
over us in Jesus'name. Amen and amen.
Lord, we thank you for it.
Father, I thank you. Right now, I
plead the blood of Jesus over anything
you want to show us. So
that
it
is
uninterrupted and unhindered by any
satanic or demonic spirit, I apply the
blood of Jesus over our prayer time.
We thank you, Father, that the
angels of the Lord are camping around and
about us.
Father, I plead the blood of Jesus
over us, and we are not snared by
any familiar spirits because we're
always staying close to the Vine.
Thank you, Father.
We're so grateful
for all that you've done and
continue to do.
We yield to the anointing
of the prophet. I
yield.
Whatever you want to show
me, Father, to warn the people,
we humble ourselves before you.
We attract to deflect.
We don't use you;
you use us.
It's not about us trying to use you,
Father. We're a vessel. You're the
potter; we're the clay.
We humble ourselves before you today.
We know that apart from you, we can do
nothing.
As He is, so are we in this world.
I thank you, Father.
What can wash away my sin?
Nothing but the blood of Jesus.
What can make me whole again?
Oh, precious
is the flow
that makes me white as snow.
No
other
fount
I know,
nothing but the blood
of Jesus.
So Father, we just thank you, Lord, for
this time. We plead the blood of Jesus
Christ over every single one of us here.
We thank you, Lord, that we're always in
the right place at the right time.
For the families up in
British Columbia affected by the mass
shooting,
Father, I thank you that
such
things
stop.
We plead the blood over our
children when they go into schools.
No weapon formed against them will
prosper. A thousand shall fall at their
side and ten thousand at their right hand, but
it will not come nigh. We take our
authority over our school districts
and
over where our kids go to
school. We plead the blood of Jesus over
our children today. We thank you, Lord,
that they will go into school and the
light of God will shine on them so much
that
the teacher says, 'There's
something different about your little
girl, about your boy there.'And you
say, 'Oh, it's because they have
Jesus.'Because
they're so used to
heathens
being around them, they go, 'There's
something good about your
kids.'Why?
Because they stand out above everybody
else, and the glory of the Lord is risen
on your children. Arise and shine, for
the light has come and the glory of the
Lord has risen on our kids, our
wives, and my husband.
We believe that the angels of the Lord
camp around and about them in the name
of Jesus. Father, you go
before us and you prepare the way.
If you say, 'Don't go today, there's
going to be something
happening,'we're
quick to hear you, Lord.
We're quick to hear and obey.
When you say, 'Don't go here,'we hear
you.
You told us in times past that
there would
be days ahead when if you
don't listen closely concerning
certain decisions you make
for
that day, there will be people who will
not be there that night. They'll go
home early because they're not following
the voice of the Lord because of how
dark these days are. If you have
that inward check—for
as
many as are led by the Spirit of
God are the sons
and
daughters of God—I believe
that if you're led by the Spirit of
God, He will lead you and guide you into
all truth. You don't need a prophetic
voice to tell you what to do. Right
now, in the name of Jesus, we come before
you, Father, boldly knowing that those
who
are led by the Spirit of
God are the sons and daughters of God.
We
will be led by that peace that
passes all understanding. You said,
'Follow that inward peace. Follow that
peace that passes all
understanding.'We
will be led by the Spirit of God today.
When you speak, we will hear your
voice, and a stranger's voice we will
not follow. We take authority over every
demonic assignment, every plot, every
plan, and every pursuit of wickedness
concerning my life, our
ministry, and the people on this
channel. We believe, Father, that those
who
are led by the Spirit of God are
the sons and the daughters of God, and
they'll be led when it comes to where
they're supposed to be living,
working,
and
going to school
or church. They'll be led by the
Spirit of God. You say, "Hey, it's not
just meant for you to be in whatever
church you want to be at."You should be
led by the Spirit of God, for they are
the daughters and the sons of God.
Father, I believe that we're led by the
Spirit today on where we're supposed to
be at church, where we're supposed to be
living, and where we're supposed to go to
work.
It's not what we think; it's because
we're led by the Spirit of God.
You say, "Well, I don't know about
that."I
do. That's what the Word says.
The Word says those that are led by
the Spirit of God are the sons
and the daughters of God. I believe
that we're His children.
We're His children and we will be led
by His Spirit today concerning where
we're supposed to live. You said, "Well,
I don't want to live over
there."Well,
the Lord said to live over there. I'm
going to obey. I pray and obey. Well, He
said, "I want you to move to
Timbuktu."Okay,
Father. I'm on my way to
Timbuktu. I don't know where that is,
but I'm on my way.
Well, I don't like it because they don't
have this certain shop I like to shop at.
Oh, I'm led by the Spirit of God because
He has everything that is perfect.
Every plan, everything that He has for
you is perfect. And He knows your future
more than you know your past. So, I will
be led by the Spirit of God. You
say,
"Hey, I want you to work over here at
this place. I'll give you favor over
there and you'll be the manager. You're
going to be the owner of that company
before it's all over with. Go
there."Oh,
Father, I'm led by Your Spirit. I
don't know about that company, but I
don't have to because I'm led by the
Spirit of God. And the Spirit of God,
peace that passes understanding, go with Your
peace.
If you have torment, fear has torment,
but perfect love casteth out all fear.
And that's why I say right now in the
name of Jesus, they will be led by the
Spirit of God today. They'll be led by
the Spirit of God concerning where
they're supposed to be. I'll be in the
right place at the right time, doing
everything the Lord has for me, every
single day, every single waking moment.
I will be where He calls me to be
because I'm led by the Spirit of God.
And I believe, Father, that they are led
just like Diana and I are led. We pray
together. We take our authority. We
use our authority booklet
and we use our authority over the devil
every day. We are led by the Spirit. You
say, "Don't go
there."Don't
question it.
That could be something that could save
your life.
Don't go to that Sprout store today or
don't go to the Walmart today. Don't go
over here. I want you to go over here.
Why? Well, there's a lady over there
that needs prayer. I remember when
Pastor Candace said she sat in Walmart
because God said, "I want you to go talk
to the lady with the red
sweater."And
she stood in the Walmart store for
over 45 minutes waiting for the lady
with the red sweater.
She didn't
want to look silly, so she grabbed one
little garment off of the shelf to go
over there and she went up to the
cash register
and was going to check out. The lady
on her name tag had a red sweater on, a
Christmas sweater on her thing. And she
said, "Oh my gosh, the red
sweater."She
goes, "Can I pray for you?"She started
talking to her. Her son was diagnosed
with stage four cancer and was dying.
So Pastor prayed for him, laid hands on
her in the line and the power of God
went into the lady. She started weeping. There
was
a whole line of people ready to
check out,
and
there she was.
She
wasn't scared; she didn't care about what
they thought. She was just going to obey
what God had called her to do. So she
said, "I laid hands on him, praying over
him, just
believing."The
lady's son was completely
healed by the power of the Lord Jesus
Christ, delivered from cancer. She went
back and heard her testimony. But those
that are led by the Spirit of God are
the sons and the daughters of God. And
you're in the right place at the right
time
doing exactly what God has called you to
do. You may not understand it at the
time. You may be standing in the Walmart
aisle and He said, "I want you to be there
looking for the yellow
sweater,"or
whatever. You just got to listen to
being led by the Spirit of God. And I
believe it. Say, "Well, I want you to
drop off Johnny at practice early
today."Well,
I don't understand why, but I'm
just led by the Spirit of God.
I thank You, Lord, that
that's the way we are. We're led by the
Spirit of God. I call those things that
be not as though they were. You say,
"Well, I don't hear God today."I call
your ears heightened, full of life, full
of victory, that in everything, you
are led by the Spirit of God because I
am His and He is mine. I'm a
joint-heir
of Jesus Christ. Christ dwells in me
richly by faith. I have it in the name
of Jesus. Satan, shut up and get out of
here. I do what the Bible tells me to do
and I say, "Submit myself therefore unto
God. Resist the devil and he will flee
in the name of Jesus."And I submit to
God right now saying, "Hey, I'm Yours and You
are mine."So
in the name of Jesus,
devil, get out of here and stop
tormenting me.
I'm not listening to you.
"Well, you're never going to make it.
You'll always be poor. You're never
going to have anything. Your kids are
always going to be heathen. You're
always going to have a husband that's
mean to you. You're always going to have
a wife that's not good to you."Oh, shut
up, devil.
I submit myself unto God. I resist you
in the name of Jesus and you will flee.
That's what the Bible says.
So I'm submitting because those that are
led by the Spirit of God are the sons
and the daughters of God. I'm submitted
to my Father.
I hear You, Lord.
I hear You, Father.
I
thank You, Father, You're going to lead
me into everything I need.
Howbeit when He, the Spirit of Truth, is
come, He will guide you into all truth.
For He shall not speak of Himself, but
whatsoever He shall hear, that shall He
speak, and He will show you things to
come. He'll show us the things to come.
That's what we have on the show; He'll
show us the things to come. Say it one
more time: Howbeit when He, the Spirit
of Truth, is come, He will guide you
into all truth. For He shall not speak
of Himself, but whatsoever He shall
hear, that shall He speak, and He will
show you things to come. Thank You,
Lord, that You show us things to come as the
watchman on the wall.
And that's what being led by the Spirit
of God
is:
He'll show us the things to come.
I believe, Father, that You're showing
us that which is to come. Father,
concerning America, concerning our
president, we lift up our president
before You and the decisions he's making
right now in the name of Jesus. In the
Bible, You said in Your Word to take no
counsel from the ungodly. And I pray in
the name of Jesus for godly counsel around
him, and he will not be a Mr. Magoo.
Father, I thank You, Lord, that he will
be victorious in everything he does
because he's led by the Spirit of God. I
thank You, Lord, that Donald Trump has a
road to Damascus experience. You shake
him in the midnight hour. And I thank
You, Lord, that You would bring him to a
humbleness before You, that he would
humble himself underneath the mighty
hand of God and in due time He would
exalt him. And I say in the name of
Jesus Christ of Nazareth, his path is
made straight. At the valley of
decision, he's making the right choices
and the right decisions concerning
America and where we're supposed to be
as a nation. I pray over his mind that
he does not have a reprobate mind,
but he has a mind that's a mind full of
the Word of God and a mind that's a mind
of Christ. Second Timothy 1:7 says that God
has not given him a spirit of fear,
but of power and of love and of a
well-balanced mind. And I thank You,
Lord, that Your Word is true and that,
Father, if we delight ourselves into
You, You would give us the desires of
our heart. We delight ourselves in You
right now. The desire of our
heart, Father, is to have a nation that
is on fire for the love of God, for the
glory of God. That our nation will be
one nation under God,
indivisible, with liberty and justice
for all. Father, that our nation
will be a nation that has the glory of
the Lord on it. As we are rising and
shining, for the light has come,
this is a generation that will not taste
death. We will be that generation that
sees the coming of the Lord Jesus Christ.
And we're lifting up our eyes, for we
know our redemption draws nigh. We
believe, Father, that this is the
generation that will see the glorious
outpouring like we've always believed
for. We'll see the dead
raised. We'll see the blinded eyes open.
We'll see and hear the deaf
ears open. We'll see the dead raised.
We're going to see the demon-possessed
set free by the power of the blood of
Jesus Christ. And we thank You, Lord,
that the Greater One lives on the inside
of us. And we have a backbone like a
crowbar. And we will not bow and we
will not bend our knee to the demonic
agenda of Agenda
2030.
We will not bow our knee to that. We
stand firm in the name of Jesus. And we
call those things that be not as though
they were. And we say this nation
is rising up in the name of Jesus,
proclaiming that the King of kings and
the Lord of lords is coming, and He's
coming soon. And we thank You, Lord,
that we may be the only ones, for the
harvest is plentiful and the laborers
are few, but Lord, anoint our hands to
bring in the harvest greater than any
generation has ever seen before.
Father, I thank You, Lord. I thank You,
Lord, that You're not done with America.
You're not done with Europe. You're not
done with Africa. You're not done with
Asia. You're not done with
South America. You're not done with
Mexico. You're not done with Canada.
You're not done. Father, You shake the
nations all to Your glory. We call it in
right now. The harvest is plentiful. The
Bible says that Satan has blinded
the eyes of the unbeliever, but
according to Ephesians 1, that
the eyes of their understanding would be
enlightened. We thank You, Lord, that
enlightened today. Take your hands off
of the unbelievers'eyes today, devil.
You will not have our unsaved loved
ones. We call them born again in the
name of Jesus. We call them free. We
call them healed. We call them
delivered. We say they will not taste
hell. They will come to heaven with me.
We say in the name of Jesus, our
children will come up and be raised up
in the name of Jesus. The Bible says
raise your children up in the
Word and in the way they should go,
and when they get older, they
will not depart from it. And I call
forth those seeds that we've sown into the
children to teach them the Word,
that
they spring
forth much fruit in the name of Jesus.
And we call our kids on fire for God. We
call our children and our grandchildren
on fire for God in the name of Jesus. We
will not bow down to the demonic
spirits and we will not bend. We will
stand in Jesus'name. And we have the
glory on
the inside of us.
I thank You, Father, concerning
midterms. We call forth midterms to be a
mighty red wave, Father. Not a political
red wave, but a blood wave, a glory
wave, a glory of the Lord wave
concerning 2026. That we will not go into
2026 as status quo, but will be a church
that is blood-bought—the church, the
redeemed—that
we have a major prayer
gathering on May 17th, uninterrupted and
unhindered by any satanic or demonic
force. We call a major revival over this
nation. A major revival of repentance
back in our pulpits in Jesus'name. That
every one of our pastors would start to
preach repentance and holiness back in
the church like they should in
Jesus'name.
We thank You, Lord,
that this revival starts with us.
Revival starts with our house. Revival
starts in our schools. Revival starts in
our churches. Revival starts in our
malls. Revival starts in our
local marketplace.
Thank You, Father.
Thank You, Lord.
Thank You, Lord, that every plan of the
wicked, You laugh at it.
You're laughing at the plans of the
wicked today.
enemy as they try to do all
the
stuff they did at the Olympics and
they did at the Super Bowl. You laugh at
the plans of the devil
because Your plans, Father, are
that
You will bring their plans to naught.
Though they come at me one way, they
will flee before me
seven—that's
what You say.
They try to come at us one way, they'll
flee before us seven.
Oh, I thank You, Father,
that the glorious church is rising. We
call them saved. We call them delivered.
We call President Trump protected today.
We thank You, Lord, that no weapon
formed against his life would prosper.
We put angels all around and about him
right now in the name of Jesus.
Father, around his kids,
around his grandkids, Father, that the
angels are protecting him today.
We thank You, Lord, that we're blessed.
We thank You, Lord, that we're
prosperous. We thank You, Lord, that
we're healed and whole and well in the
name of Jesus.
And we call those things that be not as
though they were.
That this is the time for the glorious
church to arise. Lord,
we believe.
We believe. We receive.
Thank You, Lord.
Thank You, Father.
No weapon formed against us
would
prosper.
We apply the blood,
and we hear Your voice, and a stranger's
voice we will not follow.
Do you all stand on that today?
Do you all believe that?
You've
got to be believing believers. We're
not beggars. Did you notice I didn't beg
one time?
No, I used my
authority and I spoke to it.
I used scripture to back it.
Find scripture that pertains to what
you're believing for and use the
scripture as a sword
against the devil. You're not a begging
believer. You're a believing believer
that has the authority of a
believer—that
you walk and you tread upon
serpents and scorpions and nothing shall
by any means hurt you. If you don't use
the Word against the devil, he'll try to
talk you out of everything and what the
Word stands for.
You've got to know the Word.
And when that Word comes out of your
mouth like it was doing mine, you just
speak it out of your mouth and you say,
'This is the Word I'm believing
for right
here.'I
may not always know the street
address,
but I know the sentences,
and
I believe with all my heart
that this is the Word. It says, 'If
ye
abide in Me and My words remain in you,
shall ask what you will and it shall
be
done.'It's
all connected to the Word.
Prayers that are backed by scripture get
answered.
Find scripture
that pertains to what you're
believing for.
Where is it?
John 15:7. If ye abide in Me
and My words abide in you, ye shall
ask what you will, and it shall be done
unto you.
See
it?
It's important.
Father, I thank You, Lord. According to
John 15:7, the Word is life.
And that Word prayed out
will get the results I'm looking for.
We
believe, we receive in
Jesus'name.
Godly households, godly marriages, godly
children, godly finances.
You don't have to be
ruthless like the world when it comes to
finances.
Be discerning in who you do business
with.
Don't be unequally yoked with
unbelievers. You might sell
them a house or whatever,
but I'm not going to go in covenant with
business when it comes to the heathen.
I find the best as I can to line
up with Word people
as much as you can. Being business
partners with the
world—like
being with your
Muslim
buddies—no.
As much as you cannot do that, don't do
it.
Try to line yourself up with people
that are
Word-based.
Even some of them are not what
you think they are;
I've learned
that.
But that's why I just stick with what
the Lord tells me to do.
I work for myself;
I
work for the Lord. Work for the Lord,
not with people
who just
try to hit
you up
a lot.
Let's
pray over their
babies today. Let's pray
for godly children, that
by the end of the year, if you
weren't
able to have a baby, you can say,
"I
believe
God
for children. I want a godly son like
Braden.
I want a godly daughter. I want
twins or
triplets."Believe
God.
Lord, we lift up these parents before
You, Father. We thank You
for
the ones who are believing
You for children, as it's the
deepest desire of their heart. Lord, I
thank You that You see it and that You
heal what is missing
or
broken supernaturally by the power of
God.
The same Jesus who was raised from the
dead
dwells in you.
The same Holy Spirit.
I thank You that the wonderful,
mighty-working
power
that dwells in them,
that same miracle-working power,
will create what needs to be
created.
If there's a missing fallopian tube or
something
they need to
have this baby, I thank You that
miracle-working power is
in them
from that same Holy Spirit
who
raised Jesus from the dead.
Whatever
is
missing
or
broken is restored in
Jesus'name.
I thank You that their uterus is in
perfect health and the fallopian tubes are
where they're supposed to be.
I
thank
You
that the womb is
correct, that
pregnancies are
normal, and they carry full-term
in Jesus'name.
We pray over
the man's reproductive organs and
parts. We thank You
that everything that needs to happen
happens in
Jesus'name.
I
saw
healing over prostates
and prostate
infections right
now in
Jesus'name.
We
thank You that everything happens as
it's
supposed to, that
the
baby is carried full-term
and
develops as
it should.
We rejoice in that life
You give
according to the Word of God. You said
in Your Word that our vine would not
cast its fruit before its time.
We claim that over these parents, these
tithers'rights—that
if they
tithe and they sow, that
is their inheritance. That is their
right. We thank You, Father, that
their vines will not cast fruit before
its time and they will carry these
babies full-term in Jesus'name. Not
only that, Father, I thank You
that their deliveries will be
effortless and pain-free in
Jesus'name.
They wouldn't have all the ailments
that some mothers have when they're
carrying their babies.
Their feet would not swell and they
won't get all these pregnancy things.
They will have a wonderful
pregnancy and wonderful
deliveries, and they will enjoy
motherhood. Father, we
thank You that they do not have any
postpartum depression.
If they're nursing,
these babies nurse as they should
and
latch on correctly. We call
everything to be perfect on
these babies when they're born, their
Apgar scores to be
perfect in
Jesus'name.
These mothers will
produce milk like a Jersey cow. My
husband
says
that they will not have
any problems producing milk for their
babies in Jesus'name; there would
be an abundance and overflow.
No plugged ducts or anything;
everything works as it should
so
they can properly nourish their babies
as You intended. Father, we thank You
that these babies get the nourishment
they need to develop in their minds
and bodies. No
autism; we speak against
Down
syndrome, cerebral palsy, or any of that.
Father, we thank You that these babies
are whole and healed in
Jesus'name.
Nothing missing, nothing broken in these
children.
As they are born and raised by these
wonderful parents, we thank You that as
they grow older, they will
not depart from the way they should go. We thank You
that these parents are going to raise
these children unto
You, just
as Hannah
dedicated
her child
to
You.
These children will be
a
wonderful representation in
these last days,
doing
wonderful things for the Lord.
Father, we thank You that You see
these parents'hearts and know
their
deepest desire. We call these
children forth.
I join with them in
prayer and we thank You that it's done in
Jesus'name.
Now, I just
saw a vision while she was praying.
I saw a weeping willow tree
that had many hearts. Instead of
willow branches or leaves,
I saw hearts on them. It wasn't
grotesque; there
were
little baby hearts all on this
weeping willow tree,
all attached to
each other.
It was something about the glory and
praying for the
hearts of
these children.
It's
interesting
because
I've never seen anything like that
before. It wasn't a physical heart, but like a
Valentine
heart—pink
ones and
red ones about
the size
of a
half-dollar.
I thought it was beautiful.
There
is
a
breakthrough concerning house deals.
You've not been able to get a house
or
receive a good
home for your family. The Lord is
opening up doors right now for your
dream home,
for
your heart's desire.
Make your
list, write it down, and make it
plain.
Write
down
what
you're
believing for: three bedrooms, two
baths, whatever. Believe God for big. Father, I
thank You that
it
would
be
debt-free.
I thank You, Lord, that
You're going to bring it to pass in the
name of
Jesus—a
house that is affordable and that You'll
give me favor to get, even
if your faith isn't for it to be
debt-free.
Yes,
give me favor to get it.
Father, we thank you, Lord.
We thank you, Lord, that we have good
godly homes,
houses with good roofs,
houses with good carpet, and houses
with good insulation.
Thank you, Father.
Thank you that you always take care of us. Thank
you for
cars with good tires,
cars that will get me to church and
back, and a good car that gets me to
work. I don't have to be worried if
I'm going down the highway that my
wife's not going to make it home in time
or make it home at all because the car
doesn't
make it.
Father, I thank you for that peace
because we have good cars that run
well
for good deals. Father, you
give us favor with good cars. Do you
believe that there
are
people believing God for cars? I
thank you, Lord, Father, for the good
car that gets me from point A to point B
and back again, and that it doesn't
break down on the side of the road.
That's not your will, Father, for
our wives or our husbands to be out
on the side of the road worried if
they're going to make it home.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that you
provide good automobiles for us.
Thank you, Lord, that you always take
care of us and that we have good cars to
drive. You've got good cars and good
clothes. Thank you, Lord, that we have
good clothes. Father, I thank you,
Lord, that we represent you. We
represent the best. We represent you; we
can dress the best. If the world can
dress their best and have good shoes,
Father, how much more would you provide
for us?
I call those clothes in. I call in nice,
godly clothes. You
don't
look like
a Jezebel; you look like a nice,
presentable, classy woman. And maternity
clothes for these women that are going
to get
pregnant—that's
a big deal when you're pregnant.
I remember I prayed for maternity
clothes, too, because it's hard to find nice
ones.
I prayed for a while because we
couldn't afford
maternity clothes. They were so
expensive for something you only
wear for a few months. And
someone gave me all their clothes and said,
'I just feel
like the Lord told me to bless
you with
these.'They
were amazing clothes that were very
expensive, Motherhood or
whatever it was. I remember that;
it was amazing. So I pray that
for all these mothers who are about to
get pregnant. If you're
pregnant already and you just
don't have clothes to fit, we call that
in for you in Jesus'name. Blessing time. Yes,
good clothes, good maternity.
Expect the unexpected.
Believe God for big. I used to go to
garage sales and search for those, but
we're believing for an abundant harvest
for these mothers. Yes, it's time to be
the head, not the tail, above and not
beneath.
Yes, we're believing, Father, that
it
is coming to pass. We touched and
agreed right then, Diana and I. And I
believe that you're going to be emailing
us like we've had all these other
emails. We've had so many of them. When
you pray, Diana, there's an anointing
on you for babies—to believe God for
babies. And there have been so many
people sending pictures of their
babies saying, 'Hey, this is my miracle
child. God touched me. I wasn't able to
have a child, and here's the baby we just
wanted to show
you.'Yes,
we've gotten a lot of those,
and it's like, 'Wow, Lord,
look what you did.'Cute little babies
with their little hats on.
Children
are a blessing from the Lord. Family
is
fun;
it's exciting.
He sees your heart.
He's
just so wonderful.
What you're believing
for—nothing's
too big and nothing's
too small.
Beautiful
babies,
little miracles.
And you're a good mama.
Diana has been a good
mother. Nothing's too big and
nothing's too small. Jesus paid the
price for it all.
And I believe
it's time for restitution for what
you've lost. You may have been a woman
who
has had many miscarriages. It's
time for restitution;
it's time for divine payback.
Stand on that. I'm believing for what
the enemy stole. I'm calling it back.
You call back sevenfold what the
devil stole. You can have sevenfold. That's
a lot of children.
I'd
be
excited,
devil.
I don't know, whatever you
believe
for.
I'm believing, devil. Lord,
I'd
be like, 'Not for this
sevenfold.'That
daddy's like,
'Okay,
honey. What you believing for now? I
believe
for
sevenfold.'Oh,
hallelujah, all
at
one
time!
Hallelujah. He's like, 'Oh, my faith is
with you. Lord, I believe; help my
unbelief.'No,
that's major overflow
harvest. I'm calling back seven.
You see your wife praying in the
corner, 'Sevenfold, devil! I want
it back!'That's a harvest right
there.
Yes,
it
would
be bigger than the Octomom.
Remember that?
That lady had a lot of babies.
Oh, Father, we thank you that you're the
God of more than enough.
You're the God of more than enough, and you
have redeemed
the time. You
are
able to redeem the time. For
Father, you have rebuked the devourer
for our sake,
and he has been rebuked in the name of
Jesus. And we believe that the best is
yet to come for the body of Christ, that
we're leaving with the gold and the
silver and our hearts are filled with
joy.
I love that scripture.
'Then was our mouth filled with
laughter, and our tongue with singing:
then said they among the heathen, The
Lord hath done great things for
them.'Psalm
126:2. Sing it again.
'Then was our mouth filled with laughter,
and our tongue with singing: then said
they among the heathen, the Lord hath
done great things for
them.'Psalm
126:2.
Let
that be your
scripture of the day.
As we close today,
our
mouth was filled with laughter and our tongue
with singing. Hallelujah. 'Then our mouth was
filled with laughter, and our tongue
with singing:
then said they among the heathen, The
Lord
hath done great things for
them.'Psalm
126:2.
I love that.
Ha, devil! Haha! We've got
babies! We've got money in our
accounts and the doctor bills and
everything's already paid for ahead of
time. Their mouth was
filled with laughter and their tongue
with
singing. Hallelujah. Glory to God.
Find a good song to sing. And then said
they
among the heathen, 'The Lord has
done great things for them.'So they
told all the heathen people around
them, 'The Lord has done great things
for
us.'Our
mouths were
filled with laughter
and our tongue with singing.
A merry heart
does
good like a medicine.
'Haha,
devil!
The Lord has done great things
for
us!'I
felt the anointing all over that,
Diana.
That scripture right there just hit
me really hard in my
spirit.
The Lord has done great things for us.
Oh, he's provided good cars,
good houses,
healing for our bodies,
and
deliverance for our minds.
He's given us to be the head and not the
tail. Then our mouth was filled with
laughter and our tongues with singing.
Hallelujah.
I love that.
Oh, Father, we thank you for all that
you have done for our country.
Our mouth was filled
with laughter. We're looking at it.
We're laughing in the face of the devil
and
his plan. He has
nothing.
He is broke, busted, and disgusted. He
is not going to mess with us.
Oh, Father, I thank you, Lord. I thank
you, Lord, that we have the victory in
Jesus'name.
Praise the Lord. We pray this
video blessed you today. We love you.
Thank you for coming out and praying
with us. Wasn't Jesus wonderful today? I
felt his presence
and
I loved it. I love
the quaintness. Is that a
good word? The quaintness.
It's just happy.
I don't want to be too deep.
You'll
drown out there.
Don't be too deep, Brandon. You'll
drown
out there.
It'll
work for you.
Quainteness
means an old-fashioned,
unusual, or charming quality, often in a
simple,
poetic
way.
Well, probably not that word.
Whatever.
I'm so grateful for every single
one of you being here. I really truly do
appreciate it.
I think
this is just the way we
want to live our life: in peace with
laughter.
I'm so tired of the doom and
gloom. I tell you, there's hope.
There's revival. There are things that I
know the Lord is about to do
exceedingly abundantly above all we dare
ask or think. I'm so excited that
I'm a part of it, and I believe you're a
part of it.
He saved the best for last,
and he put the closers in; that's
what we're here for.
Aren't you excited that he brought
you into this world for such a time as
this?
You could have been born 150 years ago,
but he said, "You go
now."Why?
Because you had what it takes.
You were made for victory. You were made
to be so much more than what you already
are.
How much more does Jesus have for us?
I'm just excited about it.
Until next time,
we love you all.
Hope you enjoyed the video. If you did,
like, subscribe, click the notification
bell, and click the thumbs up. Do everything
you can to help us with the algorithm.
Please find me on X
in the description, Facebook,
Instagram, TikTok, all of it. Don't
follow anyone else over there
trying to be an imitator—there are many
of them. We have
people copying
and pasting and doing all kinds
of craziness all over the internet, but
we try to take them out as much
as we can. Don't
go
searching; just look in the video
description here. Don't be fooled by the
imitators
because
there's a lot of them. I'm not on
WhatsApp. I'm not on
any of these things asking
for anything. Don't listen to these
people.
Not on Telegram. Nope, not on
Telegram.
Telegram's a scam.
God bless you all. Put a smile on your
face and a song in your heart. Jesus
loves you and we love you. God bless you
and we'll see you again. Bye-bye.